README.md, before:

# SKILLS

### PROGRAMMING
##### C/C++
##### Objective-C
##### PHP
##### Python
##### Ruby

> #### [SublimeLinter-ruby v1.0.17](github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-ruby)
> __SublimeLinter__ plugin for ruby, using ruby -wc.

### PLATFORM
##### Mobile
##### Website
###### HTML & HTML5

> #### [Emmet v2015.10.29.15.49.33](emmet.io)
> Emmet (ex-Zen Coding) for Sublime Text
>
> __Documentation__: http://docs.emmet.io/

###### CSS & CSS3
###### AngularJS

> #### [AngularJS v1.2.1](https://github.com/angular-ui/AngularJS-sublime-package)
> __AngularJS__ code completion, snippets, go to definition, quick panel search, and more.

### FRAMEWORK
##### Laravel

> #### [Laravel Blade Highlighter v1.5.6](github.com/Medalink/laravel-blade)
> __Laravel Blade__ syntax __highlighter__ support for Sublime Text.

##### Ruby On Rails
##### Ionic

> #### [Ionic Framework Snippets v2.1.0](github.com/imsingh/ionic-sublime-plugin)
> This is a simple plugin for sublime text 3 for development of Mobile Apps with __Ionic Framework__.

### SUPPORT
##### Big Data
##### Git

> #### [GitGutter v1.2.2](github.com/jisaacks/GitGutter)
> A Sublime Text 2/3 plugin to see git diff in gutter

##### Markdown

> #### [Markdown Preview v1.4.0](github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview)
> __markdown preview__ and build plugin for sublime text 2/3
>
> __Signature feature__: CMD+SHIFT+P to prompt some options, including preview and cheat sheet

### DATABASE
##### MySQL
##### MongoBD

# SUPPORTIVE SUBLIME PACKAGES

> #### [AdvancedNewFile v1.7.0](github.com/skuroda/Sublime-AdvancedNewFile)
> File creation plugin for Sublime Text 2 and Sublime Text 3.
>
> __Signature feature__: Create new files from active/main project directory (default): CTRL+SHIFT+N (Windows) or CMD+ALT+N (Mac)

> #### [BracketHighlighter v2.11.1](github.com/facelessuser/BracketHighlighter)
> Bracket and tag highlighter for Sublime Text

> #### [DashDoc v1.4.4 (Mac Only)](github.com/farcaller/DashDoc)
> Open the selected text or text under cursor in Dash documentation browser
>
> __Signature feature__: Find documentation in Dash by click CONTROL+H
>
> __Dependency__: [Dash](https://kapeli.com/dash)

> #### [DocBlockr v2.14.1](github.com/spadgos/sublime-jsdocs)
> Simplifies writing DocBlock comments in Javascript, PHP, CoffeeScript, Actionscript, C & C++
>
> __Signature features__:
> - Press enter after /** (or ###* for CoffeeScript) for new block line
> - Function documentation, press Enter after /** before a function
> - Variable documentation, press Enter after /** before a variable
> - Comment decoration, press Ctrl + Enter at the end of a single line comment

> #### [SideBarEnhancements v2016.02.08.03.05.26](github.com/titoBouzout/SideBarEnhancements)
> __Enhancements__ to Sublime Text __sidebar__. Files and folders.

> #### [SublimeCodeIntel v2.2.0+st3](sublimecodeintel.github.io/SublimeCodeIntel/)
> Full-featured __code intelligence__ and smart autocomplete engine

> #### [SublimeLinter v3.6.1](sublimelinter.com)
> Interactive code linting framework for __Sublime__ Text 3

Commit message:

add css3, jquery, color highlighter, bootstrap 3 snippets

README.md, after:

# SKILLS

### PROGRAMMING
##### C/C++
##### Objective-C
##### PHP
##### Python
##### Ruby

> #### [SublimeLinter-ruby v1.0.17](github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-ruby)
> __SublimeLinter__ plugin for ruby, using ruby -wc.

### PLATFORM
##### Mobile
##### Website
###### HTML & HTML5

> #### [Emmet v2015.10.29.15.49.33](emmet.io)
> Emmet (ex-Zen Coding) for Sublime Text
>
> __Documentation__: http://docs.emmet.io/

###### CSS & CSS3

> #### [CSS3 v1.2.19](github.com/y0ssar1an/CSS3)
> The most complete __CSS__ support for Sublime Text 3

> #### [Bootstrap 3 Snippets v1.1.7](https://github.com/JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin)
> Twitter Bootstrap 3 Snippets Plugin for Sublime Text 2/3 

###### AngularJS

> #### [AngularJS v1.2.1](https://github.com/angular-ui/AngularJS-sublime-package)
> __AngularJS__ code completion, snippets, go to definition, quick panel search, and more.

###### JavaScript & jQuery

> #### [jQuery v2015.09.02.08.19.54](https://github.com/SublimeText/jQuery)
> Sublime Text package bundle for __jQuery__

### FRAMEWORK
##### Laravel

> #### [Laravel Blade Highlighter v1.5.6](github.com/Medalink/laravel-blade)
> __Laravel Blade__ syntax __highlighter__ support for Sublime Text.

##### Ruby On Rails
##### Ionic

> #### [Ionic Framework Snippets v2.1.0](github.com/imsingh/ionic-sublime-plugin)
> This is a simple plugin for sublime text 3 for development of Mobile Apps with __Ionic Framework__.

### SUPPORT
##### Big Data
##### Git

> #### [GitGutter v1.2.2](github.com/jisaacks/GitGutter)
> A Sublime Text 2/3 plugin to see git diff in gutter

##### Markdown

> #### [Markdown Preview v1.4.0](github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview)
> __markdown preview__ and build plugin for sublime text 2/3
>
> __Signature feature__: CMD+SHIFT+P to prompt some options, including preview and cheat sheet

### DATABASE
##### MySQL
##### MongoBD

# SUPPORTIVE SUBLIME PACKAGES

> #### [AdvancedNewFile v1.7.0](github.com/skuroda/Sublime-AdvancedNewFile)
> File creation plugin for Sublime Text 2 and Sublime Text 3.
>
> __Signature feature__: Create new files from active/main project directory (default): CTRL+SHIFT+N (Windows) or CMD+ALT+N (Mac)

> #### [BracketHighlighter v2.11.1](github.com/facelessuser/BracketHighlighter)
> Bracket and tag highlighter for Sublime Text

> #### [Color Highlighter v2016.02.11.13.53.03](https://sublime.wbond.net/packages/Color%20Highlighter)
> __ColorHighlighter__ - is a plugin for the Sublime text 2 and 3, which underlays selected hexadecimal __colorcodes__ (like "#FFFFFF", "rgb(255,255,255)", "white", etc.) with their real color. Also, plugin adds __color__ picker to easily modify __colors__.

> #### [DashDoc v1.4.4 (Mac Only)](github.com/farcaller/DashDoc)
> Open the selected text or text under cursor in Dash documentation browser
>
> __Signature feature__: Find documentation in Dash by click CONTROL+H
>
> __Dependency__: [Dash](https://kapeli.com/dash)

> #### [DocBlockr v2.14.1](github.com/spadgos/sublime-jsdocs)
> Simplifies writing DocBlock comments in Javascript, PHP, CoffeeScript, Actionscript, C & C++
>
> __Signature features__:
> - Press enter after /** (or ###* for CoffeeScript) for new block line
> - Function documentation, press Enter after /** before a function
> - Variable documentation, press Enter after /** before a variable
> - Comment decoration, press Ctrl + Enter at the end of a single line comment

> #### [SideBarEnhancements v2016.02.08.03.05.26](github.com/titoBouzout/SideBarEnhancements)
> __Enhancements__ to Sublime Text __sidebar__. Files and folders.

> #### [SublimeCodeIntel v2.2.0+st3](sublimecodeintel.github.io/SublimeCodeIntel/)
> Full-featured __code intelligence__ and smart autocomplete engine

> #### [SublimeLinter v3.6.1](sublimelinter.com)
> Interactive code linting framework for __Sublime__ Text 3
